Replace Travis with GA in extension testing tutorial (#212)
phpbb/documentation: development/extensions/tutorial_testing.rst

``PHPBB_BRANCH`` variable. This tutorial is using the current version of phpBB which
is the 3.3.x branch. Older branches of phpBB are not being supported with Github Actions,
but can instead be used with `Travis-CI.com <https://travis-ci.com>`_ .

Finally you may also make changes to the jobs. This tutorial's workflow is split up into several
jobs based on the databases being tested:

* Basic Checks: The ``basic-checks`` job does not do any PHPUnit testing. This is where EPV, Code Sniffer and Image Profile checks run. If you never intend to run these checks you may either delete or comment out the entire ``basic-checks`` job.

* MySQL Tests: The ``mysql-tests`` job runs PHPUnit tests in various MySQL and MariaDB and PHP combinations. They are all defined in the ``matrix`` section. This workflow only runs in versions of PHP 7 and PHP 8 but you could, for example, add tests for versions of PHP 5. (Note that to include PHP 5 in the test matrix you must change the ubuntu server for that job to ``runs-on: ubuntu-16.04``). You may delete or comment out some of the tests in the matrix if you do not want to test certain versions of PHP or MySQL or MariaDB.

> * PostgreSQL Tests: The ``postgres-tests`` job runs PHPUnit tests in various versions of PostgreSQL. The PHP version is consistent throughout since the mysql-checks job is the where we do most of our PHP environment checks. You may add additional checks to this matrix or you may either delete or comment out the entire ``postgres-tests`` job if you do not need to test PostgreSQL.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* PostgreSQL Tests: The ``postgres-tests`` job runs PHPUnit tests in various versions of PostgreSQL. The PHP version is consistent throughout since the mysql-checks job is where we do most of our PHP environment checks. You may add additional checks to this matrix or you may either delete or comment out the entire ``postgres-tests`` job if you do not intend to test PostgreSQL.
```

> * MSSQL, SQLite: The ``other-tests`` job runs PHPUnit tests in various versions of MSSQL and SQLite3. You may either delete or comment out the MSSQL or SQLite3 checks in the matrix if you do not need to test on either of those databases, or delete or comment out the entire ``other-tests`` job if you do not need to test any of these databases.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* MSSQL, SQLite: The ``other-tests`` job runs PHPUnit tests in various versions of MSSQL and SQLite3. You may either delete or comment out the MSSQL or SQLite3 checks in the matrix if you do not want to test on either of those databases, or delete or comment out the entire ``other-tests`` job if you do not intend to test any of these databases.
```

Final Thoughts on Extension Testing
-----------------------------------

Well written tests help prevent regressions (breaking other parts of your code)
by alerting you to any problems resulting from changes to your code while fixing bugs,
adding new features and other code changes to your extension.

If your tests fail after committing changes, you will receive a notification email
from GitHub. The logs from your Github Actions can be a little daunting at first,
but once you get used to reading them they can help you pinpoint unforeseen bugs
and regressions in your code that must be fixed.

Github Actions also provides Build Status badges. They provide you the code in markdown
format so you can add the badge to your repository's README so visitors can see that

> the build status of your extension. For example (Just change ``GITHUB-USERNAME/REPO-NAME``

Reviewer: `that` at the end of the previous line should probably be removed.
